dev/rest: Mention -k flag for curl with https (#493)
syncthing/docs: dev/rest.rst

the configuration file. To use an API key, set the request header
``X-API-Key`` to the API key value. For example, ``curl -X POST -H
"X-API-Key: abc123" http://localhost:8384/rest/...`` can be used to invoke

> with ``curl`` (add ``-k`` flag to curl command when using https).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with ``curl`` (add ``-k`` flag when using HTTPS with a Syncthing generated or self signed certificate).
```
